Update Documentation: clarify SourceSet.java reference in Kotlin DSL primer (#37981)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/reference/dsl-apis/kotlin_dsl.adoc

include::sample[dir="snippets/reference/dsl-apis/noAccessors/kotlin",files="build.gradle.kts[tags=project-extension]"]
====

> Note that `sourceSets` is a Gradle extension on `Project` of type `SourceSetContainer`, and `java` inside the `main` source set is the link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/SourceSet.html#getJava--[`SourceSet.java`] property (a `SourceDirectorySet`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `sourceSets` is a Gradle extension on `Project` of type `SourceSetContainer`.
In the example above, `java` refers to the link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/SourceSet.html#getJava--[`SourceSet.java`] property (a `SourceDirectorySet`), not the top-level `JavaPluginExtension`.
```
